CASMINST-6024 add ncn-boot image instructions for management-nodes-rollout stage (#3390)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/upgrade_all_products.md

              All components updated successfully.
              ```

    1. Set the image in BSS on all storage nodes by following the [Set NCN boot image for NCN master and NCN storage nodes](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md#set-ncn-boot-image-for-ncn-master-and-ncn-storage-nodes)

>     section of [Management nodes rollout stage documentaion](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    section of the [Management nodes rollout stage documentation](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md).
```

              All components updated successfully.
              ```

    1. Set the image in BSS on `ncn-m001` by following the [Set NCN boot image for NCN master and NCN storage nodes](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md#set-ncn-boot-image-for-ncn-master-and-ncn-storage-nodes)

>     section of [Management nodes rollout stage documentaion](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    section of the [Management nodes rollout stage documentation](../stages/management_nodes_rollout.md).
```
